
Well, Jens did it again...
Went off somewhere fun and made you be the responsible one.
Oh well, might as well put my skills to use.
...
......
Hmmm... maybe you should've told someone the diner's now open Friday nights too...
I guess I'll leave the lights on, see if anyone comes by...
...
A few hours pass...
A middle-aged man walks in and looks at his watch. He shakes the minor look of confusion off of his face, then rubs his belly before walking over.
*Slurp*
Hey there. What can I get ya?
Oh, you got a menu?
Just what's on the wall.
Frank squints his eyes to read the wall.
Hamburger and fries, and-
Frank tucks the can of beer in his hand into his pocket.
Sorry, probably ain't suppose to have my own. Lemme get one of them beers.
Got a favorite brand?
Naw, whatever's cheap. Just none of that 'light beer' stuff.
Frank quickly finishes his own can when he thinks you're not looking.
You serve him a can of Sub beer.
Here you go, Sub Lime.
Oh dear!
Frank shifts uncomfortably at the mention of lime. You can tell he's too polite to send the drink back, and so, averting your gaze, he hesitantly moves to open it.
Just messing, it's just regular old beer.
HA! Thank god.
Frank takes a closer look at the label and sighs in relief, within seconds, he empties the whole can into his mouth.
Nice and cold. Lemme get another.
You pass him a fresh can.
The door opens, and a young man in his late twenties enters the bar.
You open?
Come on in, the grill's still running.
Oh, cool.
Charles ponders his surroundings, and chooses to sit down on the empty side of the bar.
Open late, huh?
Charles studies the wall intensely.
Oh... do you have steak?
You nod.
How'd you like it done?
Well done, with some a side of... do you have kale?
Off to the side, Frank almost chokes on his beer.
Sorry, broccoli's closest we got.
That'd work.
Half an hour goes by...
Frank's face turns cherry red, and he finally slows his pace.
So, um, did you buy the place from Jens? It never used to be open this late.
Oh no, Jens is my brother. He asked me to take over for him for a while so he can go travel with his fiancé.
I figured, why not put his liquor license to use, and try to open up the bar on Friday nights.
Frank nods appreciatively while sipping on cold beer.
Yeah... I do see the resemblance. Well, good for Jens.
Charles perks up at the sound of conversation.
No wonder, I was on my way home after meeting a super important deadline, and saw this place open. I thought I got lost or something.
Charles looks at you with an excited smile that screams 'Please ask what I do for a living.'
Well, I'll bite. What kind of deadline?
Somehow, his eyes light up even more.
I'm a reporter for the local paper.
Journalist, huh?
Yeah, normally, the workload isn't all that bad. But you know... elections coming up.
Charles look around to gauge people's reactions before continuing. Frank is too drunk to care.
I'll bring an extra copy of the paper with me next time.
You don't have to.
Oh, you should consider running an ad in the papers, it's pretty cheap and I can get you a deal.
I'm just trying this out for now.
No worries, it'll cost you almost nothing, and you only need to run it for a day or two. The town's small, so everyone reads the paper here.
Charles hands you a business card.
Call me after Tuesday and I'll give you a quote.
Thanks.
After that brief exchange, Charles seems to get lost in thought, while Frank continues to nurse the beer in his hand.
The rest of the night proves uneventful. After the patrons leave, you close up shop.
All in all, not bad for the first day.
The door opens, and Charles comes in, waving a rolled up newspaper.
Extra, extra! Read all about it! Beloved local diner now open on Friday nights. According to reliable sources, the drinks there are out of this world.
Charles sits down with a wide grin.
Thanks for setting up the ads.
Told you it wouldn't cost you much. Let me order... the same thing.
Well done steak and broccoli?
And a whisky sour.
Charles pulls out a large notebook, and begins intermittently jotting things down.
The door opens, and a young woman in her early twenties enters the bar, wearing a large backpack.
Without saying a word, she sets up her laptop and starts typing rapidly, the crisp clicking drowning out all other conversations.
Upon seeing your smile, she softens her keystrokes, but maintains her pace.
Oh, do you guys have wifi?
Sure do.
Awesome! ...What's the password?
'Youhavetobuyadrink.'
Oh... um, rum and coke?
All righty.
Claire looks at you with her eyes wide as you make the drink.
Sooo... what's the pass?
'Youhavetobuyadrink.'
But I al-
All lowercase.
Oh... ohhhh.
Claire makes a clicking noise of acknowledgement.
ICWhatUDidThar.
Claire continues to type while humming softly, occasionally sipping on her rum and coke.
After a while, a police officer in her early thirties enters, and upon seeing Charles, sits down next to him.
Hey, Elysia.
Charles.
Charles turns to you with a smile.
See? Told you everyone reads the papers.
Where's Jens?
Eloped with his fiancé, probably to some tropical paradise.
Luckyyyyy.
This is his sibling who's taking over for a few weeks.
Nice to meet ya. You from out of town?
Yeah, I worked as a bartender up in DC.
Cool, big city. They probably all drink fancy mixed drinks up there, huh? Probably with fancy names like The Presidential Special, or something like that.
That's not a bad name for a drink, to be honest. But people usually just order beer or just pick out drinks at random because they like the name.
Claire signals that she would like another rum and coke, which you serve while maintaining conversation.
Claire exits after leaving a generous tip.
One of the patrons who frequents the diner during the day, Braxton, sits down at the bar. Elysia and Charles are engaged in a political debate.
Charles, you realize every single person who runs for office promises to 'cut taxes,' right? It's all bullshit.
All I'm saying is that we should keep an open mind.
I just want to know your opinion.
I'm a journalist. I have no opinions.
...
I mean, I have no biases.
So what's your opinion...?
Frank enters, and quickly orders a beer.
I mean, what's up with the immigration policy? Deporting people doing jobs we wouldn't do.
*whisper* Dey tookk our jerrrbbbbs.
Braxton chuckles and smiles at Frank.
I'm sure some people would.
Who? Name one person we know.
Let's just wait and see. I'm sure it's not that bad.
Elysia sighs but declines pressing the issue further.
How's work, Braxton?
Not bad. I'm still alive.
Barely.
Not easy dealing with young kids all day.
Doesn't get easier when they grow older, either.
Frank takes a long sip.
Out of the house and still give me headaches.
Try teaching the works of Shakespeare to kids in this day and age.
That's literally the worst thing I've heard all day.
'Literally' literally? Legitimately zero things worse?
Oh, stop.
The two of them fall quiet as on the right side of the bar, Charles begins loudly describing his latest book idea.
And that's when she discovered that the boy, who creepily stared at her all this time, isn't a normal boy!
Let me guess, he's a vampire?
Yeah!
All of the patrons turn to look at Charles.
That's pretty much {i}Twilight{/i}... and literally the wors-
'Literally' literally-?
Stop.
*whisper* Team Jacob.
Oh, God. Yeah, Charles, don't write that...
But my story has a robot in it... a robot...
Hey! Lemme get another beer.
No, this is definitely the time to cut him off.
Hmm...
That's right! Come to Papa!
Aww, I haven't had THAT many drinks...
No I won't...
Before you even realized it, it was closing time.
Charles is here early, as usual. Braxton arrives shortly after, and settles down with a burger and some beer.
How's Jens?
Calls me once a week to make sure I didn't run the whole place into the ground, but otherwise everything seems good.
That's good.
Got new book ideas?
Oh, I got a good one!
Please don't encourage him.
Wow...
Braxton takes a long, deliberate sip of his beer, then waits a few moments.
I was kidding. You know I'd buy your book, Charles.
Yeah yeah, and then I'll turn around and you'll whisper 'Maybe when it's on sale... a big sale.'
Braxton smirks.
What? Charles... how can you say that?
Claire enters, and immediately gets on her laptop.
Hey, Claire.
Oh, hi.
Claire orders a rum and coke, then resumes her work.
Elysia enters the bar, and heads straight for the seat next to Charles.
What is up with your article? The guy had one moderately coherent speech, and all I hear day in and day out is how amazing he's gonna be.
It's not about that, it's about what he said. He's saying he will bring back manufacturing jobs.
Exactly. He is SAYING he will, but he's got no real plan. Everything's about automation nowadays.
People like Claire can probably write some program that can just run a factory.
Some people still need to hear it, though.
Elysia turns to Braxton, surprised.
Even if it's not true?
You're talking about people's livelihoods. And yes, when something means that much to them, hearing it matters.
It might not apply to my profession, but I have plenty of friends who depend on those jobs.
Some professions would just become obsolete with better technology.
So what? Tell them to just mop the floors in the fancy new factories?
No...
Look.
Braxton's expression softens.
It's not like I don't understand your point. But it just isn't fair to say it doesn't matter. So those people I know...
You can say they are getting duped, but they're not dumb or impractical. All said, they are just people and they need something to believe in.
Braxton takes a few more sips of beer.
I'm not trying to sound preachy, but... The moment you say they are just 'dumb', or 'in denial', there's no more talking.
Frank enters, and plops himself down on the only empty seat.
You guys talking about jeeerrrrrbs?
Uggh, technically yes but...
Jeeerrrrrbs?
*sigh* But it's actually like this...
They catch Frank up to speed on the discussion. Frank scratches his stubble while thinking.
Look... I'm gonna go with Braxton here, and not just because I've known him the longest.
Claire glares at Frank, who merely shrugs.
It's true, I've known him since before you were even born.
So you would vote for a liar over a relatively more honest person?
Think about it this way. Imagine it's impossible for you to find a new job in your field.
Now, your boss walks in, and tells you all that the company is going under in six months.
Say you gotta vote for your Union Rep.
First one says there ain't nothing to be done about it, but the second says they got a plan to somehow let you keep your job after six months.
Would you not even consider both options? Maybe it is better to live with a shred of hope.
The bar falls silent for a few minutes after his comments, until Elysia lets out a long sigh.
Part of me really wants the whole thing to be over.
'Amen,' replied most of them.
After that, the conversations seem to die out. Not even Charles's usual antics could liven the mood.
One by one, the patrons head home, and much earlier than usual.
You expect a quiet day after what happened last week. Maybe they won't show up...
Charles and Elysia are the first ones to arrive, still debating as they place their orders.
Mine's super different though! In my book they are called Zones, and there are thousands of them.
With robots in them.
Indeed.
Claire and Braxton enter, and listen in on Charles's passionate defense of his new idea.
And the children fighting to the death thing is only a small part of the book.
The door opens, and a small crowd of young men enter. Behind them, Frank walks in and shakes raindrops off his hat.
This is turning out to be an unusually busy night, with a rowdy group of male college students sitting themselves down at one of the diner tables.
Is it raining?
Drizzling.
Shit. Makes patrols way more tedious... But that's not for another few hours.
Better get the drinking started then.
You offering to buy, Frank?
Nah.
I can buy everyone a round.
Frank looks over at you, and shakes his head.
Nah, we can get our own drinks.
Claire sighs, but says nothing.
So Charles wants to write a book where children in different areas fight to the death.
{i}Battle Royale{/i}.
Or {i}The Hunger Games{/i}.
{i}Battle Royale{/i}'s better: grittier, better commentary. A lot more teenagers but less angst. It's pretty good.
Frank, how do you know so much?
Audiobooks, nothing better to do on cross-state deliveries.
One of the people sitting at a diner table approaches the bar to get another beer.
The drunk young man tries to get Claire's attention, but she shakes her head and declines to make small talk.
He grabs the beer and returns to his table, cursing under his breath as he walks away.
Everyone at the bar glares over angrily, and Frank starts to get up.
Frank, don't do it.
Braxton starts to get up.
Just want to teach that boy some manners.
Frank!
WHAT?!? With words!
Frank and Braxton continue to get up.
And why are you getting up?
Braxton shrugs.
He mentioned teaching. I take teaching very seriously.
Goddamn it, Braxton, don't encourage him. Seriously, Frank, I don't want to have to break up a bar fight.
The moment one of them says something, you're gonna throw punches.
Frank and Braxton look over at you, and turn to find Elysia glaring at them.
What?! Can't a man go to the bathroom?
Braxton shrugs again.
Frank and Braxton leave to go to the bathroom.
Probably complaining their asses off in there.
I can ask those guys to leave.
It's all right... It's safe here, everyone's got my back.
During quiet moments, you can hear faint sounds of Frank complaining through the bathroom door. Charles takes the chance to share more of his story ideas.
The duo returns after a while.
You boys got it all out of your system?
Yep, emptied my bladder.
That's super gross, Dad.
Jesus, Frank.
Frank chugs his beer then asks for more.
So... what's new, Charles?
Riots, protests... a lot of stuff happening all around the country.
Everyone ponders Charles's words quietly for a few moments.
...
...
...
...
So, do you know any books or films?
I'm well-educated in the literary and cinematic arts.
Like... name a movie you like.
{i}Theodore Rex{/i}.
I've never even heard of that one.
I saw it once. Whoopi Goldberg's in it. She's a robot cop who's hunting down a dinosaur killer.
That... can't be a movie, right? Those are just words put together.
I'll have you know it's one of the greatest pieces of cinematic history known to man.
It's crap.
Frank!
Total crap.
I can't believe this. Everyone's ganging up against me.
Nobody's against you, Charles.
I kind of am.
Wait! Dad, tell me more about this movie.
Uh... let me think it over.
Frank pauses to take a swig.
It's like a movie about dinosaur racism? And Whoopi's partner is a dinosaur that eats too many cookies. He makes this machine to fling cookies at him.
And that was hilarious! And had a great message about tolerance!
Claire Googles 'Theodore Rex'.
Oh my God, this is a real movie.
Let me see that... Ho-ly cow.
Wait, I found a trailer.
Everyone bunches together to stare at Claire's computer screen except Frank, who continues drinking.
Now doesn't that look fantastic?
Everyone is silent except Frank, who continues drinking.
Guys? Guys...? Come on, guys?
Frank walks in, looking disheveled.
You got any water?
Just the kind that comes in bottles.
Christ, you too?
It's the whole county, Frank. Actually... 9 counties.
Fuck...!
Yeah...Just gotta sit tight and wait 'til it passes.
Can't be good for business though... I'd imagine.
You want a beer?
Frank hesitates and sits down.
Yeah.
You hand him a beer.
No water to wash the dishes, so gotta stick to cans...
's'bout the same as my fuckin' house.
Frank, I don't wanna be insensitive, but what is that smell?
Oh, you like it? It's some of my old cologne. Can't shower so I gotta cover up the musk somehow. Had to scrounge around the back of my closet for it.
I think it's gone bad...
It's just how fancy cologne is.
Fancy cologne smells like old jockstrap?
Eh, what do you know?
Some time passes. Elli comes in and sniffs the air.
Evening, gentlemen. Shit, Frank, what's that smell?
'Eau de toilette'.
You're making it too easy. Just wanted to come by, make sure nobody's using the water.
For the toilets, yeah, but that's it.
Good to hear. Now, can I get a beer, please?
You hand her a can of beer.
No mug?
Can't wash mugs.
Right... That makes sense. Still adjusting to this.
Can't you do something about this?
What do you want me to do?
Something. Arrest the assholes, anything!
Frank, you know I can't do that. I'm just a beat cop. The governor and the National Guard are working on a fix so we just have to sit tight. For now.
'Sit tight?' 'Sit tight?' What kind of bullshit is this? Everybody's waiting, nobody's doing anything.
People are sorting it out. Things are happening, we just gotta let it happen.
Things are happening, pfft. In the old days, some asshole poisons the town well, the sheriff'd gun 'em down.
This ain't the Wild West, Frank.
We're all just sitting here, twiddling our thumbs, waiting for someone else to decide what happens to us. That's bullshit.
Frank stands up, scooting the stool he was sitting on back, almost tipping it over.
Frank, where are you going?
I'm gonna do something.
Do what?
I don't know yet.
Sit back down. Come on, you didn't even finish your beer.
No, I'm done sitting and I'm done drinking. 'I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul.'
Frank, if you don't come back down, you'll force my hand.
And why's that?
Because I'm worried you're going to hurt someone.
Elli, the fuck do you think I'm going to do?
I don't know, but I'm your friend and I want you to sit with me and relax.
Frank's shoulders droop.
He lumbers over and repositions the stool before sitting next to Elli.
Ah, hell, look at us. Squabbling, keeping each other down. This is what they want us to do.
I know, I know. I'll grab the next round, so you just relax. Hey, is the game on?
Braxton enters, looking exhausted.
Wow, it is a nuthouse out there.
What's happening?
Well, the state said they're going to hold back on aid for now.
They're hoping this thing passes, so folks were piling into Malmart trying to stock up on water while they still can.
You manage to get anything?
A pack of bottled water and some sports drinks.
Braxton briefly mock fights.
People weren't messing around, things got really tense.
Sports drinks?
Yeah, not going to do me much good with bathing and stuff. At least they had my flavor: red.
Oh, you don't have to worry about bathing. Learn a thing or two from Frank and douse yourself in some French shit.
Can't worry about getting smelly if you're already reeking.
Haha, that's enough. Leave Frank alone.
Thank you.
Come here Frank, let me a get a whiff of you.
Oh, that is...
......
...
...potent.
I think it's nice.
Got my eyes watering here.
Oh, not you, too.
My girl said I wasn't sensitive enough. Hell, two seconds with Frank brought out the waterworks.
That's it, I'm going to sit at the end.
Frank stands up and moves to the farthest stool at the other end of the bar.
Oh, Frank, no!
Nope, I'm setting a flag here. Got my leper colony set up so none of you have to endure my odor. Just gonna sit here and enjoy the company of me, myself, and I.
Oh, Frank, don't be like that. We were just kidding, is all. We didn't mean no harm. Come back to us.
No.
Frank, you stubborn old mule. Come back here and drink with us.
Okay. But I don't want to hear nothing else about my smell, can we agree to that?
Fine by me.
Elli?
You won't hear a peep outta me.
All right then.
Frank gets settled back into his seat.
There, now isn't that better?
Maybe we should get a fan going or something.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Braxton walks in and takes a seat at the bar.
Evening.
How's it hanging?
To the left.
Should a teacher be talking like that?
I'm off hours. Need to get it out of my system. I watch what I say very closely when around the students.
Don't you teach middle school?
Oh yeah. Which reminds me, can I get some whiskey? A double.
That bad?
You pour Braxton a double whiskey and hand it to him. He takes a long sip then gulps the rest down. He motions for another one.
Do you know about the mating habits of walruses?
Yeah, but I'm not caught up on the current literature.
You pour Braxton a second double.
Yeah, yeah, smart guy. I popped into a science class a few days ago and they were watching some nature documentary about it.
All these asshole males will fight each other until there's one alpha and meanwhile the kids, 'calves' in this case, are the ones getting trampled and hurt.
I'm guessing chaos because of the water thing?
Got kids earlier in the week daring each other to drink the bad water.
Jesus...
The parents are busy dealing with their own problems right now. Nobody was prepared for this. We're normally understaffed anyways, and this just made it worse.
How about for you?
What water thing? Forgot all about it.
Heh, I get enough sarcasm from the kids. Seriously.
Jens cut his vacation short. He and the fiancé are rushing back.
Rough. Not a great way to end the vacation.
Yeah... And the diner's taking a hit. They say the water is just safe enough if you filter it, but no one believes it.
Elysia comes through the door, opening it with slightly more force than usual.
You guys committing crimes in here?
No, Officer.
Mmmm, I've got my eyes on you two.
Elysia walks over and takes a seat next to Braxton.
Shit, Elli, what happened to your lip?
Is it that noticeable?
Want some ice for it? We still got some cubes left.
I think I'm good. Just a scrape is all.
What happened?
Nothing to get worried about.
Well, let us hear it then.
Pass me those nuts first.
You hand them some bar nuts. Elysia grabs a few and starts eating them one by one.
All right, so I'm on patrol when I get a call, something about a disturbance at the water relief line. I get there and two women in line are hollering.
I get them separated, and one of them accuses the other of cutting in line. I'm trying to break them up but one of them goes for a haymaker and catches my lip.
Shit.
So I take her down and cuff her. And that's when I hear it.
Hear what?
Hey, is the kitchen still open? I could use a burger right about now.
We've got a very limited menu right now.
Damn, I could go for a mushroom 'n swiss. Pickle on the side.
Elli, I know what you're doing, come out with it.
All right, all right. Behind me I hear a kid crying.
That woman's kid?
Elysia nods.
Little boy just bawling his eyes out. Couldn't have been more than six or seven.
Jesus.
I let her go. Registered a warning and told her to take her kid and go home.
This whole thing is fucked up...
This water thing is stressing everyone out. Can't make it worse.
Well, that's good karma. Barkeep, one of your finest, cheapest, domestic beers for the officer here.
Oh, you spoil me. By the way, have you seen Charles around?
He's...avoiding people.
Why?
Remember how we talked about bringing back jobs?... The new governor is going to get a new plastics processing plant built here.
That's...go on.
If you look at the other new plants, it's mostly automated, and the specialists to run it...
Out-of-state...
Right. The businesses might see some short term boost from the influx of workers for the construction, but as soon as that dries up...
Elysia nods at you appreciatively for the beer before taking a sip. She winces due to the injured lip but sighs with relief after the cold sip.
So...
Charles found out that they are rolling back some environmental protection regulations...
What?
ARE YOU SHITTING ME? We've JUST started getting some clean water again.
As part of the negotiations for the new plant... But you know what? 'Secured new plant to stimulate economy' looks great on a politician's resume.
All the negotiating happened before the spill but...it might still go through.
There'll be some protests in the streets when people find out.
I think he's feeling guilty about running the exposé...
Poor Charles...
Another long day...
Jens should be getting back soon...
The tension around the town exploded after Charles's exposé.
This is it... your last day here.
Jens is stressing out about the diner, but he was too proud to let you see it.
After he headed home, you decide to get some fresh air. Someone had left a fresh copy of the newspaper next to the front door.
I guess Charles is still avoiding people.
You walk back inside, and start flipping through the pages.
It would seem a large protest is happening later tonight, and all throughout the weekend in front of the governor's mansion.
Footsteps...
Frank steps inside, and sits down at his favorite spot. He looks down at his watch.
Figured I got another hour or so before I gotta head out.
You hand him a beer.
Hah! You know me well.
Frank takes a sip, then looks at the table.
Oh dear Lord, you actually served me a lime beer.
Frank chuckles, then finishes it in one big gulp. He maintains a cool composure, but a subtle frown begins to form.
Need a normal beer to wash that down?
Oh God, yes!
Frank accepts the new can with a smile. He takes a large sip, and gargles to rinse the lime flavor away before swallowing.
Much better... ah, the taste doesn't go away easy.
Hah. You didn't have to drink it, you know. I was messing.
A beer's a beer... Besides, it's your last day here, ain't it?
Yeah, gonna head home.
Ah...
Frank nods his head, but it's not hard to tell he's feeling down.
Heading to the protest?
Yep... just me.
Frank takes another sip.
No one else going?
Claire wanted to come, but the company she works for is a subsidiary of the people building that plant.
Told her she worked hard to earn that job, and I wouldn't be disappointed in her if she didn't come. She offered to drive me there but I told her I'd be fine.
Poor ol' Charles is avoiding people right now, and I don't blame him. He's having a rough week already... People there would probably recognize him.
And Braxton, well... He's got too many contractor buddies who really need the work. It would be pretty darn awkward.
Frank looks toward the door, then back to you.
And Elli is working overtime.
Ah... peacekeeping?
Just doing her job. I made an extra sign, just in case she changes her mind, since she's already there... Nah... I'm just being dumb...
Frank lets out a long sigh.
Everyone's got their reasons... And there'll be people there, on the otherside, who's gonna yell 'QUIT PROTESTING AND GET A JOB!'
And... maybe I'll even recognize their faces...
I'm tired... I remember when things were so much simpler... and I think about how much nicer it is to just stay home and watch shows online.
I'm walking out there cause someone's got to...
Frank silently processes his thoughts.
Wow, Frank took his hat off, truly must be the end of days, I'm gonna need a beer too.
Braxton enters.
You slide a beer over the table, and Braxton catches it easily. He puts a hand on Frank's back.
Hey, Frank. Why the waterworks? You put on that perfume again?
Frank's face brightens.
Shut up, I smelled nice.
Braxton looks over at you and does a subtle headshake.
Figured I'd come with you.
Oh.
I mean, I had some talk with my pals. It's not like we 'hate progress' or 'want the local businesses to fail' or whatever it is that people say.
Braxton takes a long swig of his beer.
I have an extra sign.
Nice. I guess I don't have to make a sign that rhymes 'regulation' with 'next generation'.
Frank looks at you and gives you a subtle headshake.
We should probably head out.
They settle their tabs and both smile at you.
Thanks for the beers.
Have a safe trip home.
After they depart, you take your time putting everything away.
The lock clicks as you turn the diner keys for the last time. Chilling wind blows past your face; your breath puffs, then fades.
Everything comes to an end...
Jens hugs you warmly as you drop off the keys, and promises to come up for Thanksgiving.
It's going to be a long drive home...
